DOCS-2931: FAQ item about Payment Component within WooCommerce (#1931)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/ready-made/woocommerce/faq/activating-payment-component.md

---
title : "Activating Payment Components"
meta_title: "WooCommerce plugin - Activating Payment Components - MultiSafepay Docs"
layout: "faqdetail"
read_more: "."
url: '/woo-commerce/payment-components/'
---

The MultiSafepay WooCommerce plugin supports [Payment Components](/payment-components/), which:

- Provide a seamless checkout experience to increase [conversion](/glossaries/multisafepay-glossary/#conversion-rate).
- Encrypt customer payment details for secure processing.
- Shift responsibility for [PCI DSS compliance](/glossaries/multisafepay-glossary/#payment-card-industry-data-security-standard-pci-dss) to MultiSafepay.

> If you're new to accepting credit card payments, email applications to activate them your account manager at <sales@multisafepay.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to accepting credit card payments, email a request to activate them to <sales@multisafepay.com>
```

## Activating the Payment Component

To activate the Payment Component in your Wordpress - WooCommerce [backend](/glossaries/multisafepay-glossary/#backend), follow these steps:

1. Sign in to your Wordpress backend.

> 2. Go to **WooCommerce** > **MultiSafepay Settings** > **Payment Methods** > **Credit Card**, and then click **Manage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **WooCommerce** > **MultiSafepay settings** > **Payment methods** > **Credit card**, and then click **Manage**.
```

> 3. Click in the **Payment Components** checkbox to enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Payment components** checkbox.
```
